a date/time manipulation library
 (C)2012 Zoran Obradović, Ljudmila.org, GPL3.0

==Examples==

===US Election Day === 
<pre>
//Tuesday after 1st Monday of Nov
var t = new Time();
t.month(10);  // go to october of this year
t.day(30);    // go to the last day of october
t.monday(1);  // find the next monday
t.tuesday(1); // find the following tuesday
</pre>
or, with some optimization and chaining:
<pre>
t.month(11).day(1).tuesday(1);
</pre>
=== Loop through a month ===
<pre>
for (var t = Time.now.day(1); t.month()==Time.now.month(); t.days(1) {
  console.log(t.format('w, d F Y'), "a week after",t.clone().days(-7).format('d F'));
}
</pre>
=== Find the last day of month ===
<pre>
Time.now.month(1).months(+1).days(-1);
</pre>
== Constructor ==

;Time(value)
:constructor, can be called with or without new. If passed a Time object, it will clone it, otherwise it will behave exactly as new Date();

== Class properties ==

; Time.now
: current datetime, same as Time();
; Time.today
: current date, with time set to 0
; Time.tomorrow
: like above, but for tomorrow
; Time.yesterday
: like above, but for yesterday
; Time.oclock
: current time, with date set to 0

== Instance properties ==
; time.date
: the underlying Date object

== Instance methods ==
=== General ===
; time.clone() 
: clone the Time object (e.g. to make some calculations while keeping the original object intact.
=== Accessor methods ===
With these methods you can set and get the individual values. Note that all accessor method names are in singular.
; year(), year(n) 
: with no arguments, the method will return the year of the Time object. With an argument, it will set the year.
; month(), month(n) 
; day(), day(n) 
; hour(), hour(n) 
; minute(), minute(n) 
; second(), second(n) 
; millisecond(), millisecond(n)
; milli(), milli(n)
: shorthand for milliseconds

=== Traversal ===
With these methods you can change the Time object by a certain value. Note that all the traversal method names are in plural.
;time.years(n)
: move n years forward (if n is greater than 0) or backward (if n is less than 0)
;time.months(n)
;time.days(n)
;time.hours(n)
;time.minutes(n)
;time.seconds(n)
;time.milliseconds(n)

=== Weekdays ===
;time.weekday()
: return the weekday, 0=Sunday, 6=Saturday
;time.weekday(n) 
: change the date to day-of-week n in the same week
;time.weekday(n,m)
: change the date to day-of-week n, relative from the current date. 
: n = 0 means the last chosen day-of-week before or on the current date.
: n = -1 means the second last chosen day-of-week before or on the current date, ...
: n = 1 means the next chosen-day-of-week after the current date.
: n = 2 means the second next chosen-day-of-week after the current date.
;time.sunday()
:move to Sunday of the current week, shorthand for time.weekday(0) 
;time.sunday(m)
;move to a Sunday relative to the current date , shorthand for time.weekday(0,m)
;time.monday(), time.monday(m)
;time.tuesday(), time.tuesday(m)
;time.wednesday(), time.wednesday(m)
;time.thursday(), time.thursday(m)
;time.friday(), time.friday(m)
;time.saturday(), time.saturday(m)
;time.sunday(), time.sunday(m)

=== Timezone ===
;time.timezone()
:get the timezone abbreviation
;time.offset()
:get the offset from UTC in milliseconds

=== Formatting ===
;format(formatstring)
: a clone of php's date function, does almost all of the codes that PHP does, with the addition of the following letter codes:
:;C
:;:javascript date.toISOString()
:;k
:;:javascript date.toDateString()
:;K
:;:javascript date.toLocaleDateString()
:;q
:;:javascript date.toTimeString()
:;Q
:;:javascript date.toLocaleTimeString()
:;v
:;:javascript date.toString()
:;V
:;:javascript date.toLocaleString()
:;x
:;:milliseconds
:;X
:;:unix timestamp in milliseconds
:formatstring defaults to Y-m-d h:i:s
== TODO ==
* Weeks - urgent!
* Serial date - urgent!
* Localization
* Scheduling
* Switch UTC/local
* ...

